Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
So. I emailed this school
that I'm interested in
last night.
- Can you take me?
- What school is it?
It's an arts school.
Back into the woods!
That way!
Uh. we... we killed
that guy. and I...
and I helped you.
I was on his shoulder.
Sweetheart. run! Hide!
Are you okay?
Why are they trying to take me?
I don't know.
Help!
Where am I?
Please don't yell.
he really hates that.
I can see you view
the world differently.
Just like I do.
Nice work.
Not bad. Alex.
It's not done yet.
There's a darkness to it.
And that's a good thing?
It feels honest.
and that's always a good thing.
Keep at it. You're doing great.
Feels honest?
What's that supposed to mean?
I don't know. but I'll take it.
You talk to your dad about that
summer abroad program yet?
Yeah. but... I don't know.
I doubt he'll let me go.
This is awful.
I'm gonna go get
some more paint and start over.
This is so incredible.
I mean. it looks so... menacing.
Where... where'd that come from?
Um. my head. I don't know.
It's just a landscape
I thought of.
It kinda reminds me
of a Hollander painting.
Yeah. I wish
I was in his league.
You are.
Thanks. Justin.
You know. I've been meaning
to check out
his exhibition before it's gone.
I'd check it out again
if you want someone to go with.
Oh. Yeah. Maybe.
Yeah.
You going
to Tyler's party?
I don't know. I'm going home
for the long weekend
and my parents booked me
on this. like.
flight at 6:00 AM.
So? Go from the party
to the airport.
- You can sleep on the plane.
- I don't know.
You think
Justin's gonna be there?
Alex. Justin asked me
to see if you're going.
Okay. uh.
we'll just meet at 9:00.
and then we can
walk over together. okay?
Yeah.
Three calls in one morning.
It's a new record.
Well. I wouldn't call so much
if you answered more often.
You know I have classes
to go to. right?
- It's kinda why I'm here.
- I know.
I just wanna make sure
you check in before your flight.
I will
once I'm in my dorm.
- Hey. you wanna say hi?
- We talked last night.
Oh. we talked last night.
Oh.
But I still love you. sweetie.
Can't wait to see you tomorrow.
Coffee.
Sorry. I got you.
I love you. too.
I gotta go. okay?
All right. sounds good.
Hey. remember to call
before you take off.
Yes. I swear.
I promise I will.
Okay. I love you.
Uh...
Love you too.
So. is something up?
Or was that just you hassling
her about her flight tomorrow?
Hassling?
Reminding her to check in.
suggesting what she should pack.
Insisting that she show up at
the airport three hours early.
I didn't tell her what time
to get to the airport.
I know that you're excited
to have Alex here at home.
but I wouldn't bet on seeing her
too much this weekend.
She'll probably
spend her time napping
or catching up with her friends
from high school.
That's fine.
As long as we get
one family dinner.
Maybe even a movie night.
Dinner. yes.
Movie night might be pushing it.
But you know. if you wanna
cut a deal
for more time with her.
you could offer
to quit dragging your feet
and finally sign off
on allowing her
to do that summer program.
I'm still not sure
that's a good idea.
She'll be traveling
with a dozen other classmates.
and three professors.
She'll be safe.
You're still meeting
with Curtis today. right?
Yeah. Looking forward
to seeing him.
You don't think
he's gonna offer you a job?
If he does. I'll hear him out.
See what he wants.
I know what he wants.
You back in the field.
in danger.
while he sits behind a desk.
It might not be that extreme.
Yeah. I just...
I've really loved
having you around
the last few months. Danny.
Feels like we finally
figured out how to be together.
I know.
And I would never do anything
to jeopardize that again.
It's just coffee
with an old buddy.
Just promise me that you won't
agree to anything today.
Of course not.
Okay.
I gotta get ready for work.
See you tonight?
Yep.
Damn. Are you serious?
Yeah.
That is a lotta zeroes.
Mm-hmm.
You're worth it.
It's tempting. man.
I'm not gonna lie. but...
I'm just settling back
into family life.
Didn't your daughter
just go off to college?
You're an empty nester. Danny.
You drawing a pension with
nothing but time on your hands?
I put in over 20 years. Curtis.
Yeah. but you still
have so much more to offer.
Look. think of this
as another way to serve.
Huh?
I'm not sure
private contracting's
in the same ballpark.
You remember how we used
to feel about those guys
stepping on our missions?
Yeah.
We wished we had their paychecks
and freedom to operate.
But listen.
this could be
a golden opportunity.
I just got
Terez and Erickson on board.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Getting the band
back together. huh?
Yeah.
You could be leading guys
you know and trust.
Now. don't tell me that doesn't
sweeten the pot a little.
Look. I don't need
an answer today.
Take the weekend.
Take the week if you want.
Just know that you're
my number one pick on this.
Whoa!
This is cool.
Yeah.
They say where they'll be at?
Yeah. I see them over there.
Oh. cool.
- Hey.
- Hey!
Show me some birthday love.
Whoa. Hey!
Careful. birthday boy. Jeez.
Come on. Carrie.
Well. someone's clearly
wasted already.
Okay.
He's still hot.
He broke up with Zoe.
like. two days ago.
Yeah. "Broke up."
All right. I see you.
Go for it. then.
I'm gonna find Justin.
Um. too late.
I think he's found you.
- Hi. Alex.
- Hi. Justin.
Uh. looks like Tyler pre-gamed
a little too hard. huh?
Trust me. he's not gonna
limit himself to today.
He'll be drunk all weekend.
That's funny.
So. be honest.
Is she into me or not?
Alex?
Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
It's just...
What?
I just feel like
she's giving me mixed signals.
She can be a little guarded.
That's all.
She's been through a lot.
Wait. what...
what do you mean. a lot?
No pressure. but...
It's fine. it's fine.
Yeah.
You'll get it next time.
Yeah. Let's see.
Just watch and learn.
Oh. okay.
Hello?
Hey.
Ugh. what a day.
Short staffed again.
Massive accident on the freeway.
Dozen gurneys in the hallway.
You must be exhausted.
Is there anything
I can do for you?
Yeah. you could find me
three more nurses.
Hey. are you gonna go with me
to pick up Alex tomorrow?
Oh. I wish.
My shift starts at 9:00.
What time are you leaving?
5:15 on the dot.
She doesn't land until 8:00.
I know. but I wanna surprise her
with those donuts she loves.
Oh. well.
that's very sweet of you.
I guess I kinda
feel like I still have
a lot to make up for.
Hey. she knows
that you love her.
You've proven that beyond doubt.
How did your conversation go
with Curtis today?
It's a tempting offer.
The pay is double
what I was making
when I was still in.
I'd be working with a few
of the guys on my old team.
But... you sound conflicted.
I gotta work.
I can't just sit
on the couch all day.
But I promised you two
I wouldn't leave again.
Hmm.
Problem is. there's only
one thing I'm good at.
Oh. Come on.
How about...
police officer?
I... I can't. no.
I just can't do it.
You do look very good in blue.
Uh. so. you're heading home
for the weekend?
Yeah. My flight leaves
in a few hours.
and I haven't even
packed yet. so...
I'll. um... I'll take these.
Thanks.
Um... car's on its way.
Listen. uh...
I know you've been
through some stuff.
What do you mean. stuff?
I don't know.
Uh. Carrie just mentioned
something happened. That's all.
Oh. Okay.
If it's a guy who hurt you.
I'd love
to kick the shit out of him.
That's very sweet of you.
You wanna...?
Yeah.
Okay.
I... I just...
I really like you.
And. um. if you ever
wanna talk about it
or anything. um. I'm here.
Yeah.
Yo. Justin. You seen my phone?
What? No. dude.
I gave it to you
to take that picture.
Yeah. and I gave it right back.
Well. I can't find it. bro.
Dude. um... maybe ask Megan.
I already asked her.
She doesn't have it.
Maybe ask her again.
Just retrace your steps. bro.
You got this.
Okay.
You... drunk.
Sounds like you might need
to join the search party.
It can wait.
Seriously. it's fine though.
My ride's about
to be here anyway.
I'll walk you out.
Okay.
I had a really good time
with you tonight.
Yeah. Me too.
It was... it was really fun.
Alex?
Uh... Okay. Um...
Yeah.
Have a great time
with your parents.
Yeah. and don't take
those shoes outside.
They don't like that.
Yeah. Cool. Yeah.
- How was your night?
- It was good.
Hey. you didn't call
before you left.
Alex missed her flight.
She's with me right now.
Would you like
to speak with her?
Who is this?
Alex.
What?
Say hello
to your daddy.
Dad?
She's tired.
Who the fuck is this?
You know.
I'm a little disappointed
you didn't recognize my voice.
No...
But you're dead.
Oh. I'm dead all right.
You killed me when you murdered
my only son.
Listen to me. Stanley.
Let her go.
and I'll let you live in peace.
Peace?
We're a little past that.
don't you think?
If you hurt her. I swear to you.
I'll kill everyone you love.
You've already done that.
Now. you listen to me.
And listen good.
No. no. no. W... wait.
H... how do you know
that this is even real?
Because I heard
her voice. Janine.
Stanley Dixon has her.
He called me from her phone.
He said if the authorities
get involved.
he'll kill Alex on the spot.
Okay. well. then...
then we ask them
to work quietly. It's the FBI.
These people live on an island.
They'd see them coming.
- Danny...
- Janine.
Oh...
I've looked this guy in the eye.
I know what he's capable of.
We go to the cops.
or the FBI. Alex dies.
Okay. but you can't just go
out there like he told you to.
It's suicide!
There's no other choice.
You're walking
into a trap. Danny.
He is going to kill you.
And then he's probably
not even gonna let Alex go!
I mean. do you even have a plan?
I've done
solo extractions before.
Once I know where Alex is
and what I'm up against.
I go in. I kill the bastard.
and I get her.
Well. what am I supposed to do?
Just... just sit here
and hope for the best?
Look at me.
I will never let anything
happen to our daughter.
Danny. please.
Just... just bring her home.
I will. baby. I will.
There's a bunch
of campgrounds
just one mile from that point.
We are going
to get through this.
Back into the woods. That way!
None of this is your fault.
Dad. Dad!
I didn't know
how to be that guy
and then hop on the phone
with you and be a dad.
But I should've found a way.
I'm sorry.
Stanley Dixon. do you copy?
Everything
that you worked for.
everything that you built.
slowly being stripped
away from you.
If you hurt her.
I swear to you.
I'll kill everyone you love.
Where is my daughter?
What island?
The island where we live!
So. desperate times
call for desperate measures.
Dad. they have
a bunch of guys waiting outside.
We need to go.
Dad!
Alex. get down!
You... you gotta trust me.
Okay.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
Dad! Dad! Dad. you're alive!
Help! Help!
I will never let anything
happen to our daughter.
It's you.
My father's coming for me.
I really would eat
something if I were you.
He's gonna get me out of here.
I wouldn't count on it.
You don't know him.
I know Stanley.
It'll be easier on everyone
if you just
accept the situation.
My dad...
he can get you out too.
I can't leave.
My son is here.
This is my home now.
I have a home too.
And it's not here.
You were taken too.
You must have people outside
that you miss.
A family. Parents.
Someone you wanna see again.
My dad can help us.
I'm serious.
Hey. No!
Hey!
Don't come any closer.
I'm here to surrender.
Check him.
There's a gun on my right hip.
Shut the fuck up!
I'm just trying
to move this along.
Come on. bro.
This ain't prom night.
Stanley. we got him.
All right. Good job.
Pay attention and be smart.
And I'll meet you at the point.
This guy puts up a fight.
it's his family
that's gonna pay.
We've waited a long time
for this. boys.
Let's go get it done.
So. what's the deal
with you guys?
Y'all brothers? Cousins? Both?
Kinda nice. Weird. but... nice.
Keep firing. It's empty. dummy.
It's so quiet.
Stanley's got the whole place
on high alert.
I guess someone
didn't get the memo.
Here.
- Mm.
- Come on.
Hey...
You're always
so good with him.
You're okay.
Whoo-hoo!
Oh...
Can I help you with something?
Fuck!
- No!
- Brandon!
- Lily!
How's. uh...
how's the girl doing?
She's pissed to be back here.
You okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. I...
I just think that...
she's kinda brought it
all back for me.
She thinks that her dad's gonna
come and save her.
Stanley would never
let that happen.
He killed his only son.
He's not getting
outta here alive.
But what if he does?
And what if he was able
to get you. me. and Brandon
out of here?
Lily...
You're not happy either way.
and you said so yourself.
It is not that easy for me.
I grew up here.
I've never left the island.
This is all I know.
And you...
of all people...
should know what happens
when you try to leave.
Look alive. everyone.
It's happening.
We're gonna
meet down at the dock.
I... I'd better go.
Here.
Yeah.
Okay.
Please!
Help! Please. I'm in pain.
- Everything okay in there?
- No!
I'm really sick.
I need help. please.
What the fuck's wrong with you?
I'm sick. I need help.
Just run it right up
onto the beach.
Right here in front of me. Okay?
We'll moor it later.
What are you doing?
What the hell's wrong with you?
Just right in front of me!
Jesus.
Shit.
All right. two of you.
get 'em untied.
The rest of you. get your asses
back to the compound now.
Now. let's go!
Hurry it up.
Fuck.
Over here. boys!
We're comin' for ya!
Stanley. The girl escaped.
How the hell did that happen?
Looks like
she stabbed Bart.
Went running east
through the woods.
Well. she couldn't
have gone far.
We're on a fucking island.
God damn it.
What happened?
She got away.
She got away?
She's a little girl.
She fucking stabbed me.
Two inches more
and he would've been neutered.
Neutered.
Pretty sure you gotta have balls
to be neutered.
She's headed to the cove.
Go get her.
She's heading north.
Hey. Mike.
get anything on that side yet?
Everyone back
to the compound now!
Copy that.
Let's go. boys.
Docks and beach clear.
I suppose you're all wondering
why I called you here.
Recognize this?
Lily?
No?
Well...
maybe I should read it.
Might ring a bell.
"Your dad is here."
"He's at the cove."
Short and sweet.
But it gets to the point.
I can explain.
I hope so.
She seemed so scared.
So you thought
you'd write a note
to make her feel better?
Oh. come on.
it was a mistake. Stanley...
No!
We don't have time
for mistakes. Wayne.
I'm sorry. Stanley. It won't
happen again. I promise.
I'll keep an eye on her.
It's a little
fucking late for that.
Do you understand?
I think a little discipline
might be in order.
Come on. discipline?
What are you saying?
I'm saying that
if you can't keep her in line.
I'll fucking do it for you!
I said. "Move."
Now...
are there any other secrets
I need to know about?
Well. there she is.
Our little escape artist.
You had us all worried to death.
I've tried
to be patient with you. Alex.
But it's starting
to get annoying.
Take her to the lockdown room
where I can keep an eye on her.
Abby.
Put Lily in the back room
till I figure out
what to do with her.
It's okay. just...
Come on. Go on.
Move it.
Not so fast. Wayne.
We gonna have a problem?
No. sir.
We're good.
You know. your father...
he was like a brother to me.
And I promised to look
after you when he passed.
And I appreciate everything
you've done for me.
You know...
these people are gonna need
a leader when I'm gone.
And that could be you
if you play your cards right.
Don't disappoint me.
Hey.
You wanted to see me?
Go on. get outta here.
Shut the door.
I need you to do
something for me.
Let's just make sure we have
that generator cranking tonight.
I want this place lit up
like a Christmas tree.
Copy.
He's out there
somewhere watching.
Let's put on a show.
Stanley told me
to get you changed. now.
You always do what Stanley says?
Tell me when you're done.
I'll come back
for your old ones.
Attention. everyone.
Please meet at the stage
in ten minutes.
Stanley wants to talk to us.
- We gotta go.
- I'll get it for you.
Like me.
some of you have been here
for a couple of generations.
A world without
avarice or grief.
And that vision came true.
We lived it.
Until the evils of this world
infected us.
Toxic waste
from their damn chemical plants
pouring into our water system.
poisoning us until our women
could no longer bear children.
But three months ago..
a baby was born.
Along with hope.
And there will be more.
Now. today...
today was tough.
We lost Nathan.
And he will not be forgotten.
Nor will the others
that were killed
by the hands of this...
this Danny Beckett.
Who has brutally murdered...
11 of our fine men.
along with my son Ray.
And now he's back.
He's on this island right now.
and he has vowed to destroy us.
But mark my words...
he will be stopped.
Now. I know
some of you are restless.
Some of you feel that the. uh...
the measures we've resorted to
are a bit extreme.
Extreme?
How else are we to survive?
We need each other now
more than ever.
I need you...
more than ever...
To fight with me...
until we defeat that man.
Our future's bright.
And we can live
that life we envisioned.
If we work together.
Now. keep an eye out.
We're heading down to the docks.
- Hey. Brady.
- Yeah?
Let's check them
sheds over there.
Okay. I got it.
Oh. God.
Docks to the east. clear.
Clear!
Come on.
Perimeter clear.
I thought I heard
something around the animal pen.
Maintain position
until you hear from Stanley.
I need a sweep of the area
between two check points
in the west.
Wh... what are you thinking?
I think he's missing
his daughter by now.
He's gotta be close.
Stanley.
Pick up. Stanley.
It's about time.
Let her go.
and I'll leave you alone.
Why the hell would I do that?
I mean it. Stanley.
There's no reason
anyone else has to die.
Just you. Beckett. Just you.
You seem pretty determined.
What's taking you so long?
I was about to say
the same thing.
Doesn't sound very convincing.
Stanley.
I hope none of your men
are listening in right now.
Well. don't say
I didn't give you a chance.
Hey. fellas.
- Hey!
- There he is!
Hey!
- Come on!
- There he is!
Frank! Guys!
He's headed your way.
Check the other side.
Let's go
MAN 2: I can't see him.
Wait--
Came from the engine room.
Goddamn it.
No!
You guys go
the other way.
There he his!
Fuck.
He's gotta be at the icebox.
Let's go!
I've been waiting for you.
Alex. honey?
Where's my daughter?
I can help you find her.
You have to get me out of here.
Okay. Can you run?
Yes.
Let's go. Let's go.
What the hell happened?
You got your ass knocked out.
that's what happened.
Stanley?
Yeah. go ahead.
We're five minutes out
from the cove.
All right. good.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
Listen to me.
I want men
all around this place.
Beckett's coming back
for his daughter.
and this time we know
exactly where he's headed.
Copy that.
And. hey...
I'm gonna trust you with this.
Whatever you do.
do not kill him.
No sign of him.
Where is Alex?
When's the last time
you saw her?
Yesterday.
She's in the back room
at Stanley's house.
Is that the house across
from where I found you?
Need a first aid kit
at the mill.
The last one's
in Stanley's truck.
but he's not here.
Okay. I'm going back to get her.
Hold on to this.
Stay safe until I get back.
Uh. but you can't just
walk into Stanley's house.
I can if I'm invited.
Housing area clear.
Not so fast. Beckett.
All right. get in there.
Move!
Now. get on your knees.
I said get on your knees!
Where's Lily?
Well. she ran off with this guy.
and now no one can find her.
Wh...wh... what about Stanley?
He's busy.
I wanna see my daughter.
- I want you to shut up.
- Dad?
Alex! I'm right here.
Shut up!
Dad!
Shut up.
Are you okay. honey?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I said shut the fuck up!
Just let him go see her.
The fuck do you care?
You've really gotten soft.
haven't you. Wayne?
It's not like he can
go anywhere.
Okay. whatever.
Do whatever you want.
Maybe it is better
if we just lock him up.
All right. get up.
And real slow.
Stand back.
Alex.
Enjoy your last few
moments together.
Sweetheart. I'm so sorry.
I can't believe
what you've been through.
I knew you'd come.
But. Dad...
this guy is crazy.
He's gonna kill us.
There's this... this locker
that he has. it's full of guns.
And-and there's people walking
outside with crossbows and--
And we're gonna be okay.
No. But. Dad. I just--
But I need you
to know something.
Dad. he's--
Alex. I'm serious.
I need you to know
how proud of you I am.
And how much I love you.
I love you. too.
Now. let's get outta here.
We have to find a weak
point in the structure.
Dad...
Or maybe something
we can use as a lever.
Dad.
Dad. Look.
Hey.
- You okay?
- Yeah. Here. take this.
Hey. Thank you
for what you did. even though...
I know it was risky.
You're welcome.
All right.
we gotta get outta here.
You coming with us?
Hey. do you know
where Stanley keeps
the boat keys?
- I think. uh-uh...
- Okay. Where? Where?
Um...
Wait. what... what's wrong?
Dad. she has a baby.
We can't leave without him.
Where is he?
Probably back at
the cabin with Wayne.
Who's Wayne?
One of Stanley's men.
But he's not like the others.
I promise.
He doesn't think what
Stanley's doing is okay.
He could help us.
How do you know that?
When they first took me
they wanted me to get pregnant.
But what they didn't know is
that I already was pregnant.
Wayne kept my secret.
He pretended to be the father
just to protect me.
He's a good man. I promise.
All right.
We gotta move quickly.
I don't know what Stanley's
got going on around here.
but we don't wanna stick around
to find out.
Be quiet.
- Fuck. Let's go.
- Hey!
Stop!
Beckett got loose.
North side of the compound.
There. there.
Here.
Uh. thank you.
Yeah. you can head out.
All right.
- Oh. my God.
- Wayne.
I was looking
everywhere for you.
- Hi.
- Uh... what's going on?
- Lily...
- How's Brandon?
Uh... he... he's fine. What's--
Lily. we don't
have much time. okay?
Why?
We need your help. Wayne.
My... my help? No.
No. no. no. no. I can't.
Listen.
Alex and her dad
are getting off the island.
and Brandon and I
are going with them.
Err... what?
- Lily... if--
- I want you to come. too.
I know this is your home.
But this place has changed.
It's not safe for you.
for me. for anyone.
Yeah.
And you know I'm right.
Even if you are.
I'd have no family.
I'd have no... no job. no--
If you can't do it for yourself.
do it for Brandon.
Do you really want him
to grow up just like you did?
What do you want me to do?
Can you get us the boat keys?
Uh... uh... Okay.
Okay.
Yes.
Good. Good. We'll take Brandon.
Okay.
Just get the keys.
Meet us at the cove. Okay?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
We'll see you there.
Yeah.
I'll see you. Okay.
Okay. I'll see you.
So. who was the genius
that decided to put 'em
in there together?
Well. it was Wayne's idea.
Wayne. Yeah.
And you just... let that happen?
Go find Wayne and tell him
I need to fucking talk to him.
I don't think Wayne
meant any harm.
For fuck's sake.
What the hell did
he mean by it. then?
He was scared.
A lot of people are. Stanley.
and they're starting to question
if all this violence
is worth it.
And what about you. Abby?
Are you questioning me?
No.
Good.
'Cause it really doesn't
fuckin' matter.
All this shit's about to come
to an end.
- You got the baby?
- Yeah.
- What about the boat keys?
- Yeah. yeah.
Wayne's getting the boat keys
and he'll meet us at the cove.
Great.
Good job. girls. Let's go.
Yeah.
I told you my dad
would get us out of here.
Trust me. I'm glad
I believed you.
Danny. I don't know
what I could possibly say
to thank you.
Just say goodbye
to this damn island.
Hey. Beckett.
I know you can hear me.
You're gonna love this.
I've got someone here
that wants to say hi to you.
Don't be shy.
Da... Danny.
Mom?
Janine?
Danny. I'm... I'm okay. Danny.
I thought we'd have
a little family reunion.
How's that sound?
Janine!
What's the matter. Danny boy?
You didn't see that one coming?
Checkmate. motherfucker.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
Wayne. what's your 20?
Stanley's looking for you.
Wayne. Do you copy?
Hey.
I've been looking for you.
You going somewhere?
This guy's a fucking monster.
Dad.
We have to go back.
We have to get her.
I know. honey.
I'm going back for her.
Just give me a minute to think.
- He'll kill you if you go back.
- I don't have a choice.
Alex. I need you--
What? No. tell me.
No. it won't work.
It's not safe.
Dad. none of this is safe.
Tell me.
I can handle it.
Don't worry.
He won't be long.
In sickness and in health
and all that bullshit. right?
What do we do now?
I say we take her outside
and introduce her to everybody.
Beckett!
I know you can hear me!
Okay.
- You stay here with Brandon.
- Be careful.
Beckett!
You might as well come on out.
It's your last chance
to say goodbye.
Beckett!
Make yourself comfortable.
Well. where the hell
have you been?
You're just in time
for the big show.
I got my new friend Janine
here a front-row ticket.
Caught him trying to steal
the boat keys.
The fuck are you
gonna do with those?
I'm leaving.
Leaving?
I can't do this anymore.
Enough is enough. Stanley.
Well. that's disappointing.
After all the faith
I put into you.
I never thought you'd betray me.
No. No. no. no.
You... you betrayed yourself.
Really? How's that?
What are you doing?
You and my dad were like heroes
to me growing up.
Come on.
Fuck.
You think
he would've wanted this?
Hey? Look at them.
These people have put
their lives in your hands.
How is this supposed to end?
Put it down.
You're better than this.
We all are.
And it's not too late
to do the right thing.
The right thing?
Yes.
Wait.
Stanley!
Well. there he is.
The man of the hour.
Danny.
You sit your ass down now.
Sit down.
Okay. okay.
I was starting to think
you might not make it.
Oh. I'm here.
You got me.
Nobody else has to get hurt.
Feels like something's missing.
Where's Alex?
You win.
That's far enough.
We'll find her later.
It's fine.
I'm so sorry. Janine.
Stanley. she has nothing to do
with this.
Oh. I know.
And if you hadn't gone
and stirred up a bunch of shit.
she wouldn't be here right now.
But since she is...
I have no intention
of letting her go.
She's like family.
Just like your daughter.
Hell...
they're gonna help us live on.
Now. here's something
for my son. you son of a bitch.
Don't. Don't. please.
If you got something to say.
you better say it now.
Yeah. I will.
And then you can do
what you gotta do.
I'm a fair man.
- Honey.
- What?
When I was a kid.
you know my family life
was kinda messed up.
So. I used to try and imagine...
what my life might be
like when I got older.
And I would daydream about
the woman I was gonna marry.
The family I'd have.
So. when I met you.
it was crazy.
I felt like
I'd known you forever.
Because you were exactly
that woman from those daydreams.
And then we had Alex.
And I couldn't believe
I was lucky enough
to have a family so perfect.
Oh. for fuck's sakes.
I didn't think I deserved it.
So. I guess I overcompensated.
To protect it. To provide. I...
I worked too hard.
I was gone too much.
Please...
These past few months of us
being together again
as a family...
Please.
...have been some of
the happiest of my life.
- No. Danny. please.
- Please stop.
It's okay. Janine.
I'm at peace.
No... hey. Hey.
And. Stanley.
Maybe you do have it
all figured out.
Maybe the way you're trying
to live here...
really does make sense.
Keeping the people
you love close to you.
Wow.
That was beautiful.
Heartfelt... Fuck.
I'm choking up over here.
Danny.
Now get on your knees.
you piece of shit.
No. no. no.
Just one... one last thing.
Janine.
Just know how much I love you...
Danny.
...and Alex.
- Whoa!
- Oh. no. No!
What? What?
Oh. God. Oh. God.
Alex!
Was getting a little
worried there.
I'm sorry. I had company.
That was her grandson.
So glad you're both okay.
I'm so sorry.
You know.
we still have a couple days
before the deadline for
the summer abroad program.
Absolutely not.
Forget it.
Oh. come on.
I mean. gosh.
After all this.
I feel like I deserve
a vacation or something.
I've been to Europe.
It's overrated.
And why would you even need
to go to Europe
with all your friends
when you could just hang out
with me and your dad at home?
- Hmm. that's true.
- Yeah.
Yeah. We could go camping.
Ooh. No.
Too soon.
Too soon. too soon.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org